JAMES-3726 Allow relaxing CassandraMailRepository LWT usage (#921)
apache/james-project: server/apps/distributed-app/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/configure/cassandra.adoc

As message flags updates relies so far on a read-before-write model, it exposes yourself to data races leading to
potentially update loss. Better performance are expected
by turning it off. Reads performed as part of write transaction are also performed with a relaxed consistency.

| mailrepository.strong.consistency

> | Optional. Boolean, defaults to true. Allows to not using lightweight transactions in CassandraMailRepository.

Reviewer: Allows not to use lightweight transactions

Reviewer: Maybe say also that we instead implement an indempotent behaviour (duplicates are overriden, missing entries upon deletes are ignored)

by turning it off. Reads performed as part of write transaction are also performed with a relaxed consistency.

| mailrepository.strong.consistency
| Optional. Boolean, defaults to true. Allows not to use lightweight transactions in CassandraMailRepository.

> | Then we implement an idempotent behaviour (duplicates are overridden, missing entries upon deletes are ignored).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| If disabled we implement an idempotent behaviour (duplicates are overridden, missing entries upon deletes are ignored).
```
